# WI Grower's Association Postcards

These mock advertisment postcards were created as an assignment for an Integrating Writing and Design Course. All images used are from Unsplash and are allowed to be used freely for commercial and non-commercial purposes. The following information about the creation process is pulled from the course's final portfolio design gloss on this piece: 

"For the written argument of the initial design, I went with a tone that had a bit of an edge to it. I wanted to make the growers’ association catch people off guard with its “fresh” take to self-advertising. I hoped to appeal to generations becoming increasingly digital and disconnected from nature and get them more engaged with supporting local farms and eating produce based on what’s in season. I felt tying in a popular, modern brand like Apple would have wider appeal to a digitally savvy audience. In arranging the slogan text, I chose to set some lines vertically aligned and some horizontally aligned, which I did to try to encourage readers to pick up and turn the postcard to further interact with it.

In revision, I expanded on the initial idea to compose a small series of postcards for different Wisconsin growers’ associations. I saw an opportunity to create a visual through-line for the cards by picking images where two hands were holding the fruit. I also repeated the font pairing, the color-blocked bars and way of inverting the font color to pair with those color blocks, and the overall positioning of elements to tie the card set together. I found a good font pairing in Amatic SC/Josefin Sans. I used the sans serif in a semi bold to create more of a statement. I wanted the soft, rounded handwritten feel of Amatic SC to invite viewers into what feels like a standard, warm tone of something you’d expect from a farmer. The Josefin Sans, in its sturdier sans serif forms, then follows up the gentle heading with a sarcastic jab at a competitor or something associated with the fruit, matching the change in tone with a change in style. Ultimately, I was glad that the idea of expanding this single postcard into a series was suggested, because it was a good challenge to maintain consistent styling and voice, while still keeping the slogans surprising and fun."
